What will you do now?
I should have known better than that.
I have a way to choose passersby first
Isn't God Lu not coming?
How did you change your mind?
If there is no invitation letter
Kneel down and bark like a dog
I can reward you alone.
Oh, by the way, Master Lu said
You can enter without an invitation.
Come on show
How about this, Mr. Sun?
Let's make a bet
If I could get in
You get on your knees and bark three times.
And vice versa.
Well, I'd like to see what you can do
Aunt Sun learns to bark
I don't think so.
The name of the enterprise garden flower, Jing Han, is really unable to enter
Sun Dasheng, I don't know if you've heard of it.
Never heard of Ghost Valley
What about the sage in clothes?
no.
It's a loss for your Sun family to pick up a big family by yourself
Then I'll show you
OK.
Hello, sir.
Please show me your invitation letter